b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:7274 current swing copper direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7387 current swing banknifty direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7498 current swing bosch direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:7714 current swing cipla direction is 
b_testLoginNav.js:8038 current swing cummsind direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8255 current swing dabur direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8684 current swing emami direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:8796 current swing gail direction is upSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9428 current swing reddy direction is downSwing
b_testLoginNav.js:9851 current swing tcs direction is upSwing